# This is application development ver 1.1 ---- by Minh

This application offers a possibility to turn a Raspberry Pi as a sound device. The application comes with 2 functions: a sound collector and a test tone generator.

List of content
	1.	Configuration Instructions
	2.	Installation Instructions
	3.	Operating Instructions
	4.	List of Files
	5.	Copyright / Copyleft
	6.	Contact Info
	7.	Credits and Acknowledgement

1.	Configuration Instructions
	RPi Default Booting & Keyboard Layout
		1.	By default Raspberry Pi boots into X-server (graphic) mode. This increases booting time, but in most cases we don’t use a display with RPi, so the first thing is to disable it. To do so, you need to connect RPi to a display via HDMI-DIV cable. 
		2.	You also need a USB keyboard for this step. Connect it to your RPi.
		3.	Once booted, open a “terminal” window (Ctrl+ESC, and choose from the “Accessories”). 
		4.	Run “sudo raspi-config” command.
		5.	Select from “boot options”: “Text console, auto-login”.
 		6.	The newer version of Raspbian disables SSH by default, therefore you have to enable it. Navigate to “Interfacing Options” and select “SSH”, Choose “Yes”, Select “Ok”
		7.	You can also change the keyboard to be “Generic 105 key/Finnish” in “4. Internationalization Options”.
		8.	Reboot “sudo reboot”

2.	Installation Instructions
	You will get a 16GB microSD card for free from this course. However, the SD card has no operating system pre-installed. You have to do this at home as first homework.
		1.	Get a laptop/desktop PC with SD-card slot. It may look like as the following picture.
		2.	If your Laptop/PC does not come with SD-card slot, you need to get an external card-reader and attach it to your PC USB port. A card-reader may look like as following picture.
		3.	Insert micro-SD card into SD-card adapter. The adapter is in the same package as micro-SD card.
		4.	Insert SD-card adapter into the SD-card slot of your PC or card-reader. The system will inform you a USB storage device is available.
		5.	Go to website: https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/ and download “Noobs” image. Please download the ZIP file. This file is over 1GB and take a while to download.
		6.	Open two “Windows Explorer” windows. Window 1 goes to your “download” folder and open the ZIP file “NOOBS_v3_0_0.zip”. It will show following contents:
		7.	The 2nd Explorer window is located to your SD-card. Usually it is D:, E: or F: drive, depending on your system partition.
		8.	Copy everything from Explorer Window 1 to Window 2. This may take a few minutes.
		9.	Once copy is complete, verify that two Explorer windows have the same content.
		10.	Remove the USB device (SD-card) safely from your PC system.

3.	Operating Instructions
		
